Docs for installing extensions (#8134)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/datamodel/extensions.rst

extensions could add new types, scalars, functions, etc., but, more
importantly, they can add new ways of interacting with the database.

Built-in extensions
-------------------

> There is a few built-in extensions available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few built-in extensions available:
```

Or maybe a bit more of an editorial suggestion:

```suggestion
The EdgeDB server comes packaged with the following extensions:
```

- ``edgeql_http``: enables :ref:`EdgeQL over HTTP <ref_edgeql_http>`
- ``graphql``: enables :ref:`GraphQL <ref_graphql_index>`

> - ``auth``: enables :ref:`EdgeDB Auth <ref_guide_auth>`

Reviewer: I know you haven't changed these, but we should add the other extensions here while we're at it. pgcrypto, et al.

.. _ref_datamodel_using_extension:

> To enable these extensions, they need to be declared in the schema via ``using``
> statement:
> 
> .. code:: sdl
> 
>     using extension auth;

Reviewer: A bit more editorializing:

```suggestion
To enable these extensions, add a ``using`` statement at the top level of your schema:

.. code:: sdl

    using extension auth;
    
    module default {
```

Standalone extensions
---------------------

Additionally, standalone extension packages can be installed via the CLI:

.. code:: bash

    $ edgedb extension list -I my_instance
    ┌─────────┬─────────┐
    │ Name    │ Version │

>     └─────────┴─────────┘

Reviewer: Maybe a quick note that this lists the installed extensions?

    $ edgedb extension list-available -I my_instance
    ┌─────────┬───────────────┐
    │ Name    │ Version       │
    │ postgis │ 3.4.3+6b82d77 │
    └─────────┴───────────────┘

    $ edgedb extension install -I my_instance -E postgis
    Found extension package: postgis version 3.4.3+6b82d77
    00:00:03 [====================] 22.49 MiB/22.49 MiB
    Extension 'postgis' installed successfully.

    $ edgedb extension list -I my_instance
    ┌─────────┬───────────────┐
    │ Name    │ Version       │
    │ postgis │ 3.4.3+6b82d77 │
    └─────────┴───────────────┘

After installing extensions, make sure to restart your instance:

.. code:: bash

    $ edgedb instance restart -I my_instance

Standalone extensions can now be declared in the schema, same as :ref:`built-in
extensions <ref_datamodel_using_extension>`.

> To restore a dump that uses a standalone extension, that extension has installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore a dump that uses a standalone extension, that extension must be installed
```
